Wanna help pam-accesscontrol? Great ;-)
Here is the list what should be done first:

Testing:
-----------------------------------------------
* Try to find any problems by installing or
  updating pam-accessconrol. Please use oficial
  packages!

* Install some server with /etc/pam.d/* service
  (ftp, etc...) and try to control it with
  pam-accesscontrol

* Display managers! Try to find not supported DMs
  ('ACCESS DENIED' window is most interesting)

* Try to circumvent pam-accesscontrol in any way.
  Don't forget to report about it :)


Hacking:
-----------------------------------------------
* Packages for Arch and Gentoo Linux
  It's possibe to build Arch-packages in OBS.
  Also Gentoo and other source based distro...
  that could be an install script or something
  like that.

* We want Plugins!
  It would be great to find easy way for adding
  pam-accesscontrol plugins. Something like
  configuration options like:
  sshd <PLUGIN> group ALL
  In this case pam-accesscontrol will try to run
  <PLUGIN> for all sshd connections.

* Fix problem with GNOME Shell
  Tested on CentOS. Get troble with notification
  windows. It crashes. SELinux is disabled. There
  is info in syslog. Need to find time to look at
  this problem again. Be first ;-)

* Fix problelm with GDM
  Well... yes. GDM is special. Try to figure out
  how to find XAUTHORITY value OR other good way
  to show our notification window.
  
* Not only SSH windows
  windows.py is DONE, notification.py should be
  changed to provide the same functionality for
  other services like for SSH:
  1. no crashes ;-)
  2. check number of connections
  3. ask user for first connection
  4. notify user about closing last connection

* Close-window for EACH last connections
  There is a logicall bug with notifiaction
  window. It shows such window for last user's
  connection *independently* of souce hosts.
  For example, if I have 2 connections from
  different hosts I will get one 'close
  connection' window. But in fact, there are
  2 different connections... It would be great
  to be notifyed about EACH different
  connection.

* Networking!
  pam-accesscontrol should be smart enough to
  recognize sourse host/network (it's DONE by
  PAM itself) and be able to be configurable
  to control such control rules 

* Fingerprint for HOSTs
  IP addresses as a source for configuration
  is great. But how about DHCP networks where
  IP changes dynamically? Try to find way to
  teach pam-accesscontrol to recognize host's
  fingerprints.

* Use PYTHON only!
  That would be also great to be independent
  from operating system. Try to find a way to
  get OS related information from python
  libraries and not by calling systemd-tools
  like loginctl, etc... I'm pretty sure it's
  possible. I would like to run
  pam-accesscontrol on other UNIX-like OS like
  FreeBSD or Solaris community-forks.
